docs(pivotgrid): Prohibit separate base functionality usage (#2092)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/pivotgrid/overview.md

    * Add a `<TelerikPivotGridConfiguratorButton>`.
    * Wrap both tags and `<TelerikPivotGrid>` with a `<TelerikPivotGridContainer>`.

> > The Telerik PivotGrid for Blazor [depends on two additional NuGet packages]({%slug getting-started/what-you-need%}#nuget-packages), which must not be used separately with other custom or third-party tools.

Author: ```suggestion
> The Telerik PivotGrid for Blazor [depends on two additional NuGet packages]({%slug getting-started/what-you-need%}#nuget-packages). They are installed automatically when using the [Telerik NuGet feed]({%slug installation/nuget%}) and must not be used separately with other custom or third-party tools.
```
